Alerting text: rename `Affected alert rule instances` (#98369)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/configure-notifications/create-silence.md

   {{< docs/shared lookup="alerts/how_label_matching_works.md" source="grafana" version="<GRAFANA_VERSION>" >}}

>    Any matching alerts (in the firing state only) will show under **Affected alert instances**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Any matching alerts (in the firing state only) display under **Affected alert instances**.
```
